please welcome Miley Cyrus
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm a little cold I wouldn't want a
shirt actually I wouldn't of but you
could have wanted me you know you are
almost naked
you are almost your worry always gave me
almost the TV where do you get an outfit
like this is this available for other
clothes to wear we're filming Hollywood
Boulevard usually it's all right they
have a lot of embarrassed now
I don't know and now I can't help but
I'm gonna have to this is the trick you
just want to like stare at my eyebrows
I'm gonna focus on your oh the little
eyes on your hat are what I will focus
on right there how are you I'm doing
great you know I you look really great
with scruff I was thinking like you were
looking we like the scruff well that's
very nice I appreciate it I'm still a
little bit flustered by you of your
outfit but yeah but yeah by those nose
you know what is and I know you probably
get asked this all the time and I
apologize you know I have a 23 year old
daughter what is your dad say when he
turns on the TV and he's like my dad
doesn't know how to turn on the TV Thank
You the cape man no my dad you know what
it's actually my dad's cool because you
know I'm sure he'd maybe rather me not
have my tits out all the time but he'd
rather me have my tits out and be a good
person then have a shirt on and be a
oh I see a lot of people with their
clothes on and there is yeah you got
your tits out you can't really be it you
know it's like you've already judging
you so it's like you know you got it
like it's just you know just I feel
better this way do you feel more
comfortable like that you like but you
feel more comfortable when other people
are on come actually I you know the not
that it started this way but I did the
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with Joan
Jett I inducted her and I was then we
were talking to Paul McCartney and I saw
him not knowing how to talk to me yeah
which I don't know really how to talk to
Paul McCartney so it was made me very
comfortable because they made him more
uncomfortable and so sometimes it kind
of is like a nice like convo icebreaker
you know you can just be like stop
staring at my tits and then like the
convo just kind of keeps going I see
yeah okay yeah just keep your arms at
your side it would be better probably
you know it's funny because if I was
watching you know uh you and I were
talking I'd probably be trying to get a
look but since we're right having a good
conversation yes what you're thinking
about they're always thinking about yeah
it's what it's human nature is what it
is there's no two ways around know what
I've learned actually is that it's not a
um the tit are you allowed to say tit on
show boob
hey the word I think you are a panty
it's like the creepiest well you might
say breast breast yes yes the humans
aren't afraid of the human breast
it's the nipple that's the issue that
I'm always so concerned like I'm showing
my boobs that no one out of problem but
the nipples are covered so somehow
that's okay so America is actually fine
with tits
it's nipples they don't you're right
I do because the nipple what you can't
show everyone has but the jug part that
everyone doesn't you're allowed to show
underboob I've never understood the way
that works
you think it's sliding I think I do the
hospital I travel with a lot of tape
yeah yeah I think so how do those
adhered is that um sticky glue and also
tape line does it hurt when it comes off
it's like a band-aid let's go
so I'm actually sometimes it'll leave
the imprint of whatever like symbol like
I do pot leave nipples or heart nipples
or star nipple you actually can get any
kind of nipple you want isn't it
they literally have everything they have
light up nipples I almost wear those but
these ones are kind of cooler they went
better with the ensemble but they do
have led nipple where do you get those
like Hot Topic or some Boulevard is
pretty much my entire class yeah well
that's that's I don't know how we're
interesting when I go on Instagram you
know when girls are like hashtags Yvonne
she hashtag I'm like hashtag tit pasty
that was like a dollar for a pack of
four but you know you are saving a lot
of money by not having clothes fabric
and all that yeah I'm very eco-friendly
nudists I mean I don't know you are a
vegan nudists aren't you yeah there
aren't many of you I would think there's
islands that are only us there I part of
it really have you ever gone to a nudist
colony I haven't had the joy but I will
probably move there one day I don't
think you would because I think it would
not be a novel okay no well here's the
thing I actually did go to a beach where
you're allowed to be nude one time and
it was insane the people that were
choosing to be nude yeah right I saw so
much I actually was like yeah it was
extremely questioning of maybe I mean
yeah it's Tara it's eternity is gnarly
for a certain point gravity takes a toll
that is just so unforgiving not to
mention hair I mean it's yeah I mean
people that are on the beach spend a lot
of time in the Sun which already
dehydrates the skin which is starting a
sag but then like on top of everything
else it just it was really sweet like
there will be an age at which you decide
that I'm not going to be I'm not gonna
appear in public nude anymore I mean
those old people did it to me so I'm
gonna do it just hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
thanks for watching it means a lot to me
and if you'd like to take our
relationship to the next level click the
subscribe button below I'll wait for you
[Music]